Hi everyone.
Today I'm going to demonstrate how we can use chat GPT.
To summarize our meetings.
Create meeting minutes.
So this app that I've built is using stream lit.
And Open AI API library.
It currently.
Uses the transcription files.
To extract the meeting discussion points.
And then uses Open AI API to summarize.
It can summarize very long meetings.
And can also extract action items.
This app uses chat GPT in the back end.
And the model is text Davinci.
Looks pretty cool.
Yeah. Let me show how it works.
It will be on me to show how it works. I'll give a demo.
As soon as I'm done working on all the features of this application.
I think it should be done within a week.
By next weekend, I mean.